
Objective
JavaScript the entire world twice over! I love to code in with ECMAScript and on all the platforms. The best outcome for me is using Node.js for IoT service development or perhaps a desktop application using Microsoft's upcoming Chakra core.
Summery
JavaScript is a complex language with hidden gems and functionalities which must be practiced. I have spent years toiling with all of the avenues JavaScript contains and know what works and what does not. Many JavaScript developers do not make use of the prototype chain correctly or do not wish to try. It takes dedication to acquire experience with such things and I boast having that dedication. 

Prologue
Open sourced projects are my life and will be until my career objective is met. A great strength of JavaScript is in modularity and the ability to combine scripting powers into a large AND tested project. Open sourced project do just that and it is why I am continuing efforts in creating them. 
Skills
Experienced in ecma5
Void function() { return “I am addicted to functional programing” }().
About time someone knows prototypal inheritance and the prototype chain
Practicing asynchronous module definition with amdefine and RequireJS
Npm packager maestro with CommonJS ability
Experience with document object manager technology
A Linux terminal user
Fond of the vim editor (intermediate experience level)

EXPERIENCE
Freelance Investor, Self/Start-up
Howell, Michigan — 2012-2016

Under the wing of an associate (Steven Greene), I have developed and trained many IT skills and technologies. Many of these IT endeavors are computer language centered (specifically JavaScript-centric platforms).
Accomplishments
Worked on a huge multi-faceted project using a multitude of JavaScript technologies (project not public) 
Developed many professional and well thought out JavaScript libraries 
Integrated cross platform operations such as push notifications and the real time audio streaming 

Open Source Contributor/JavaScript Engineer, Self (N/A)
Howell, Michigan — 2012-2017

Many of the projects I created served as a test bed for personal learning and concept creation. I believe that some of them will be vastly accepted into a js community.
Some of my open source initiatives:
Created a unified module definition script to streamline amd and R.JS https://github.com/restarian/brace_umd
Demonstrates JavaScript engineering. 
Supplies a command line program to Windows or Unix.
Unit tests are deep and targeted
Built an advanced logging and string formatting library https://bitbucket.org/surgemcgee/brackit_print
Cross platform logging and Object serialization for the system and browser
Explores Object properties and scenarios. 
Created a Node.JS network manager to wrap up http streams https://bitbucket.org/surgemcgee/brackit_dmz 
Uses ecma prototypal inheritance and chaining to create a modular and expanding program
This open-sourced library uses a model-view-controller (MVC) framework to set the request API 
Will accept express plugins in the future and caters the express design

It and Labor Assistant, Medical Marijuana Radio Network, LLC
New Hudson, Michigan — April 2011 - October 2012

The Medical Marijuana Radio Network was a bona fide mobile broadcasting business catering to events regarding the new Michigan laws. 
Accomplishments
Earned a living doing something fun
Practiced phone screening in a radio studio
Catered to shows and events with awesome people
Created some IT technology
Learned various techniques in my chosen career field
Made a new friend and some connections in the industry
I feel like a much better person after having been a part of this

EDUCATION
Some school (non-undergraduate)
Washtenaw, Michigan - 2002-2012

My schooling at WCC holds about fifty credits without an associate's degree.





